---
layout: post
title: "Hell"
date: 2023-12-01 14:01:45 -0700
categories: bible
---

### Who goes to hell?

Is hell a place for evil people, like Hitler?

Is hell a place for the unreached tribe who has never heard of God?

Is hell the place for the man who says one thing and does another?

### What is hell?
The Bible does not give a picture of Hell. 

It's curious why this is. Maybe it's the obvious, the Bible is a letter written to God's people. A people
that will end up in Heaven, which is described in vivid detail. Hell is only mentioned in the NASB english Bible only [13 times](https://nasb.literalword.com/?q=hell), and only in the New Testament.

A couple verses stand out: 

> Do not fear those who kill the body but are unable to kill the soul; but rather fear Him who is able to destroy both soul and body in hell.
> -- <cite>Matthew 10:28</cite>

`Fear Him who is able to destroy both soul and body in hell.` - Wow

The word `destroy` here references the Greek word `apollymi`, which means to "put an end to", killed, and abolished completely. To me, this is mercy. There no is no eternal suffering, but a end to existence. 


> If your hand causes you to stumble, cut it off; it is better for you to enter life crippled, than, having your two hands, to go into hell, into the unquenchable fire,
> -- <cite>Mark 9:43</cite>

This verse describes Hell as an unquenchable fire. Does this mean that souls will be in an unquenchable fire? 

Or is it an adjective to unfortunate, inevitable machine. 

Does the Bible even say that believers go to Heaven, and non-believers go to Hell? Non-believers going 
to this fiery place, is this just made up, or is this what the Bible actually says? 



If you look up "What Is Hell" on Google, the first result is [this Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hell_in_Christianity#:~:text=Immediately%20after%20death%20the%20souls,and%20for%20which%20he%20longs.)
titled "Hell in Christianity".


